What blogger did the blogger look like immediately
dressed there in a special clown suit
so that there was for the audience
Hello Kostya
Good afternoon, healthy, how are you doing
?  people write You know it’s good, even
no, some comments didn’t delete it’s
good great
I wanted to delete it He himself perfectly
understands that on YouTube you can hit any vidos,
in principle, I didn’t do it on purpose
adequate people write as you find out it’s
interesting now even to talk with you on the topic of war
how do you behave yes and
not only with me But in principle it
became very interesting you impose your
opinion you interrupt people yes And when
when an awkward moment comes to you
without letting you say anything Then you turn off the
sound and so on and you know what I was
most interested in
and how  acted with you Uncle Slava he
just sent you so you want to
cut off with  now send yes you understand Don’t
why do I need me on the contrary I’m saying I
’m glad that this video is there that people
write to you how you behave turn off the sound What
’s in
Putin
’s cemetery Well, how would they laugh, laughed,
so let the vidosik be Look
And now I don’t  hurry up, I’ll tell you, I’m
not watching Kostya In short, you won’t just run away,
we collected very good files on you
and saw it in the register What
court decisions were there and the
story of something you were for people’s rights
shop and here, in short, he changed his shoes
for power against
Ukraine for this operation, like a fool with a
letter for the type of supporting the war against
Ukraine, not Kostya, you won’t
get
off like that, I already have an informant for you, like
who are you, what are you, full name, first name,
patronymic Yes, we are preparing  That is,
now the other guys are in line. And then a
little later, hands will reach you, so we will
send you to the military registration and enlistment office Yes,
your city of
Kemerovo Or where I don’t remember exactly where
we’ll send it, let’s say that there’s a
Patriot who just rushes rushes into
battle if you support a war against
another state, then
let’s not cry there, so you just
posted something with me like yes you
stream you strive with me when I’m with
you are aiming at your viewers that
you are crying when they posted it with
you we will try
everything that you can serve it so that there
for a dish we will spread it among other bloggers
Ukrainian is still ruining so, and not only
that, we will not leave you just like
that  that
every person who supports the
war against Ukraine so he will be
responsible he will be
responsible and
Ukrainian
Ramadan Ukrainian
Damn, I don’t know in
short the citizens who it hurts, they
will achieve that all such Z
patriots Yes, they ended up in the military registration and enlistment office so
that they don’t go to mobilization
there your neighbor was taken away And and more
than that, the people whom they took away
must understand because of whom because of  and what kind of
propagandists are they being taken to war in a
foreign country, I can’t ask
you delicious, you’re bazaaring something on the Internet
that you need to fight in Ukraine, and
they took my son, a
neighbor will suit you, for example, and
they’ll ask you, Kostya
Okay, come on, such a daring runaway,
I cried  after the conversation, he ran away, and I’ll
still talk to the audience now
Kostya is not Ukraine Ukraine, so
Banderov’s mouse, such fascists Nazis, we are Zlyuks
subscribe to the channel
write your comments write
comments